[WIP][Reporting Issues] Various improvements (#84)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: feedback/issue_report_writing.rst

- Add a :ref:`minimal reproduction project (MRP) <doc_reporting_minimal_reproduction_project>` if needed.
- Make sure any necessary :ref:`videos or screenshots <doc_reporting_videos_and_screenshots>` are included and work correctly.
- Confirm any :ref:`error messages or code snippets <doc_reporting_code_snippets>` are correctly formatted.

.. note::

  Please do not use LLMs or other generative AI tools to write your report. These tools often invent details that aren't true,
  they are also usually unnecessarily verbose making it harder to read and understand issues written this way.

  If you aren't comfortable with English, write your proposal in your mother tongue and use dedicated translation software (not a chat bot)
  to translate it into English.

.. _doc_before_reporting_an_issue:

Before Opening an Issue
-----------------------

Please make sure you have done the following before opening an issue, to avoid unnecessary work:

- Check the most recent version, including pre-release versions, to make sure your issue is still relevant,
  and make sure you are on a `supported version of Godot <https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/about/release_policy.html>`__.

> - If you are experiencing a bug on a custom branch, make sure to confirm that the bug occurs in without your changes, either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are experiencing a bug on a custom branch, make sure to confirm that the bug occurs without your changes, either
```

- Damage to the device the bug happens on, like deleting files outside the project or the device running very hot.
- Disruption or other problems, like crashing or locking up the device, slowing down the device until restarted, etc.

.. _doc_reporting_issue_title:

The Issue Title
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Please try to make the title of your issue as short as possible while still being clear and detailed. Please do not open issues with titles

> that are too long or don't actually describe the issue, like "editor crashes".

Reviewer: nitpick: they "kinda" describe the issue, just not into any relevant detail. What do you think of this change?
```suggestion
that are too long or too vague, such as "editor crashes".
```

Please do *not* list details like those above unless it is specific to those things, or if you are unsure if it is specific.
So even if you discovered the issue when using ``4.6`` but you haven't tried with other versions, avoid adding ``[4.6]`` or similar to the title.

Having an issue title that is easy to identify when searching helps finding duplicates, and helps other users find workarounds for issues they are facing.
Clear and specific titles helps a lot with this.

.. TODO: Add some examples of good vs bad titles.

.. _doc_reporting_tested_versions:

The Tested Versions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List *all* versions you have tested if you have tested more than one. This helps make it
clear if an issue is a regression or not. If the issue is for a feature that was different or
unavailable in previous versions to the ones tested, please mention this in the tested versions
for ease of testing.

If you are reporting an issue on a development branch and not on an official release,
please also include the build hash in the version details, this information is usually available in the console when the engine starts,

> as well as when :ref:`copying system info <doc_reporting_system_details>`.

Reviewer: nitpick: it would benefit from parenthesis or a separate sentence in my opinion:

```suggestion
please also include the build hash in the version details (this information is usually available in the console when the engine starts,
as well as when :ref:`copying system info <doc_reporting_system_details>`).
```

.. note::

>   In **Godot 4.x**, you can easily copy your system's info to your clipboard by clicking **Help > Copy System Info** in the top menu bar.

Author: Changed this as it's not really relevant at this point that it was introduced in 4.1 as we haven't supported 4.0 in a long time, and the more critical distinction is that this is a 4.x feature and not available in 3.x

.. _doc_reporting_reproduction_steps:

The Reproduction Steps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Almost all bugs require clear steps to reproduce the issue. They are a *complement* to the issue description above,
and should help triagers to test and confirm the bug. Try to make the reproduction steps as detailed as possible, without
getting too long or difficult to follow. Long descriptions or explanations should be in the description section. You can
direct readers to the description section if you need to explain something, but try to keep the reproduction steps simple.

> Make sure to go through the steps yourself to confirm that they are correct, it can be easy to misremember the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to go through the steps yourself to confirm that they are correct, as it can be easy to misremember the details.
```

.. _doc_reporting_minimal_reproduction_project:

The Minimal Reproduction Project (MRP)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A common misconception about the MRP is that its main goal is to "prove" that a bug is happening.

It actually provides a way for contributors to reproduce the bug. Fixing a bug,
and confirming the fix is correct and complete, often requires being able to reproduce it,

> an MRP provides a reliable way to do exactly that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and an MRP provides a reliable way to do exactly that.
```

> Knowing how to make a bug happen easily is critical to finding what is causing the issue;

Reviewer: nitpick: "easily" might not be the best word, as some bugs aren't easy to replicate. Reliability/reproducibility seems more correct to me:

```suggestion
Knowing how to make a bug happen reliably is critical to finding what is causing the issue;
```
